README.md, before:

# FM-Receiver-Projekt
This project tries to get a radio module Si4703, up and running, so that we can receive FM frequencies. We set our frequencies with a set of buttons, one for up, one for down. We move half a MHz every click. An OLED display is used for showing the current frequency. The main issue of this project is that all the documentation and example programs for this module is written in C++ and relies on Arduino libraries, but we have to write everything in C without using them. To solve this issue we must rewrite our libraries to C, while keeping their functionality as similar as possible. Instead of Arduino libraries we use Community created UART and TWI libraries.
  
| Component                 | Description                                                                                       | Justification for Use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| :------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Arduino UNO ATmega328** | The **microcontroller** (the brain) that runs our C program.                                      | Used for communication with the Radio module. Handles inputs and outputs.                                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Si4703 Radio Module**   | A single-chip **FM radio receiver** with digital tuning and RDS (Radio Data System) capabilities. | This is the **core functional component** of our project. It handles all the complex radio frequency (RF) receiving and audio processing. It communicates with the Arduino, allowing us to digitally control the **frequency tuning** and **volume**. |
| **OLED Screen**           | A small **display**                                                                               | Serves as the **primary output device**. It is essential for displaying key information like the current **FM frequency**.                                                                                                                            |
| **Two Buttons**           | Simple tactile or push-button switches.                                                           | These are the **primary input devices**, used for tuning up or down                                                                                                                                                                                   |

System Block diagram showing how our overall FM receiver works
![Block Diagram of Project Components](blockdiagram.png)

Commit message:

Enhance README with project details and components
Updated project description to include manual and seeking modes for frequency changes, added rotary encoder as a new component, and improved formatting in the components table.

README.md, after:

# FM-Receiver-Projekt
This project tries to get a radio module Si4703, up and running, so that we can receive FM frequencies. There are two modes of changing frequencies. A seeking one and a manual one. We seek frequencies up and down with a set of buttons. An OLED display is used for showing the current station name using RDS, frequency and volume. The main issue of this project is that all the documentation and example programs for this module is written in C++ and relies on Arduino libraries, but we have to write everything in C without using them. To solve this issue we must rewrite our libraries to C, while keeping their functionality as similar as possible. Instead of Arduino libraries we use Community created UART and TWI libraries.
  
| **Component**             | **Description**                                                                                   | **Justification for Use**                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Arduino UNO ATmega328** | The **microcontroller** (the brain) that runs our C program.                                      | Used for communication with the Radio module. Handles inputs and outputs.                                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Si4703 Radio Module**   | A single-chip **FM radio receiver** with digital tuning and RDS (Radio Data System) capabilities. | This is the **core functional component** of our project. It handles all the complex radio frequency (RF) receiving and audio processing. It communicates with the Arduino, allowing us to digitally control the **frequency tuning** and **volume**. |
| **OLED Screen**           | A small **display**                                                                               | Serves as the **primary output device**. It is essential for displaying key information like the current **FM frequency**.                                                                                                                            |
| **Two Buttons**           | Simple tactile or push-button switches.                                                           | These are the **primary input devices**, used for tuning up or down.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Rotary Encoder**        | A rotational input device that generates digital pulses when turned.                              | Used for **manual frequency tuning**, allowing for precise, incremental adjustments to the frequency as an alternative to the auto-seek buttons.                                                                                                      |

System Block diagram showing how our overall FM receiver works
![Block Diagram of Project Components](blockdiagram.png)
